max is going to destroy the lair the gas
is everything else that remains inside
this main there's a scat there's the
drop if he loses it surely this has to
be it I think you're right about that
he's going for it though it looks like
for Gigi going for this finishing blow
this army of life should be able to get
cleaned up siming forward is Gigi
stemming forward towards his victory at
this Dreamhack and I think like us a GGG
for gigi is the DREAM Act open 2014
grand champion
full GG picks up his first starcraft 2
championship after living in europe for
two and a half years grinding it out
finally he makes it well deserved for GG
once again is your champion give it up
for for GG
what a moment this must be for this man
as he wins himself thirty thousand
dollars the trophy the star it has been
six years since four GG one a Starcraft
tournament back in brutal when he
defeated jaedong in the finals today in
2014 OT millennium after living in
Europe for so long and practicing for so
hard every single day autosys yes ours
finally he gets to live this moment it
could have happened to a nicer or more
deserving guy Apollo he has worked so
hard and so long for this victory and to
take it over life the champion of
blizzcon the best served in the world
he's shown that he is in fact back where
he used to be in brood war at the tall
congratulations for GG
as Apollo has stated it's been six years
since your last starcraft title and that
was back in starcraft won the last time
you were in the grand finals the Surcouf
do was two years ago and now it's today
for the first time you secured your
first Premier title in starcraft 2 how
much does this mean to you uh really I
can't play I really want cha cha and I
was
uh okay I after stuck up to 110
feel after i moved to stock up to and i
really want champion and but every time
i'm fair but this time Ice sis oh thank
you last but not least four GG i want to
give you this chance to give a thank you
to anybody that you want to think first
thank you for my friend i really love my
friends or so Billy know if if you don't
have a lame i think i already retired
because maybe and thankfully Tara sure I
don't know I my friend Darryl nuh-uh
okay thank you for thank you for every
my
my girlfriend always support me i want
to say i love you my girlfriend thank
you
congratulations again for GG we can all
see how much this means to you let's
begin this prize ceremony so we can get
this guy the trophy he deserves alright
4g we have a tradition here it's the
final boss you're an adult man it's time
it's time to see if you can do it can
you do this okay oh how shake it up okay
for GG everybody
come on for DG
you